# e-commerce

## Description

This is project was built to utilize object relational mapping that will allow for it to interact with the MySQL database with a e-commerce as an example for this. Working on this let me have practice with using Insomnia, async/await functions, and to get a better understanding of POST, GET, PUT, DELETE functions.


## Installation

In order to get this to run properly you will need to install Node js. v16, express, mysql2, sequelize, and dotenv. Once you open the integrated terminal type in npm i init -y and npm i to get the packages. Then type in npm i dotenv express mysql2 sequelize to get dotenv, express, mysql2, and sequelize installed. 

## Usage

Link to video demo: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Anz9gulQULR2fHciU2TBPiHLpLom7-iA/view?usp=drive_link

Before running the server, you will need to source the sql file by typing in the intergrate terminal mysql -u root -p and your password, then run source db/schema.sql. Exit out of mysql and then you can run your seeds file by entering npm run seeds and finally set to run the server by typing node server and usee Insomnia to look, create, update, or delete any of the categories, tags, or products.


## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Nneif

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Nneif

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.